said amid increasing pressure to ramp up
testing president from is backtracking
after saying on Tuesday that the United
States would soon be conducting five
million coronavirus tests per day plus
dr. Anthony pouchy says an experimental
coronavirus drug is showing promising
results in a new large study but
unfortunately the president doesn't seem
to be focused on the deadly pandemic
this human catastrophe as much as 60,000
dead and that's not his obsession the
health care workers on the frontlines
people suffering to such a great extent
something we've never seen in our
lifetime it's a tragedy but he seems to
be melting down at his slipping poll
numbers there is new reporting from
multiple news outlets that President
Trump lashed out his campaign manager
after he was given polls that showed
that he was trailing Joe Biden very
badly in several key states Trump was
briefed in a series of phone calls last
week by his political advisors including
his campaign manager Brad Pascal
Republican National Committee Chair rana
McDaniel and son-in-law Jared Kushner
the aides showed the president his
re-election campaigns latest internal
polls which showed him trailing Joe
Biden in several key states multiple
sources familiar with the briefing
confirmed to NBC News one source
described Trump as being in a quote
horrific mood as parce qu'elle walked
him through the polling on Friday two
days after being shown the polls Trump
berated his campaign manager insisting
that the data was wrong and blamed parse
kal for the fact that he was down in the
polls the tenth exchange was first
reported by CNN and the Washington Post
The Associated Press reports that Trump
repeatedly told campaign officials
during the heated calls quote I'm not
blanking losing to Joe Biden we have
sexy you are in just about every
important state according to five people
with knowledge of the conversation
trumpet plan to run his 2020 campaign on
the strength of the economy and has now
been warned by aides that his reelection
depends on how quickly he can reverse
the economic downturn caused by the so
anyway he's upset he's in it he's in a
complete meltdown and a complete
meltdown mode Willie threatening at one
point I think he who is threatening to
sue his campaign manager who a lot of
people have claimed the parts Cal has
actually used his position to enrich
himself it's causing a lot of concerns
and maybe they think he's more focused
on getting rich than actually helping
Donald Trump but the numbers and we're
going to show the polls in a second man
the numbers are horrific in the swing
states they're even bad in Texas they're
bad in North Carolina they're bad all
across the United States and Donald
Trump of course is not going to blame
himself because of how badly he's doing
in these afternoon briefings because he
stumbles over words sometimes he seems
to fall asleep in the middle of meetings
he seems to be you know people have been
talking about his cognitive decline for
some time and how it might impact us in
a crisis now of course where he said a
cognitive decline or they're starting to
catch up with him and we're starting to
pay but my gosh Americans are noticing
in the poll numbers are just collapsing
they are collapsing and the reason the
president blew up as reported by
Jonathan Lemire who we'll talk to in a
second NBC News as well it's because his
campaign team brought him a dose of
reality they said if the election were
held today you would lose sir the
electoral college you were losing all
these battleground states and that set
him off he didn't want to hear that and
reportedly parts Cowan this week
yesterday he came to the White House he
brought with him rosier polls so the
president wouldn't be upset let's take a
look at some of the latest polling that
caused the president to explode the
latest USA Today Suffolk University poll
has President Trump
trailing Joe Biden by 10 points
nationally the latest economist YouGov
poll has him trailing Biden by 6
nationally the latest Emerson College
poll has
President Trump down six as well turning
now to the key battleground states and
this is what set off the president the
latest Fox News poll showing President
Trump trailing Joe Biden by eight points
in Pennsylvania and in Michigan and by
three in Florida in New Hampshire the
president trails by eight points in
North Carolina down by five points in
Texas he trails by one point in Texas
he's down a point in his home state of
New York President Trump trails by 36
points this is his latest approval
rating sits at 44 percent and Jonathan
Lemire as you reported your story in The
Associated Press this team this campaign
team implored the President to stop
holding the daily briefings because they
know what's clear to most people which
is that they're not helping his poll
standing and he replied sunette by
saying but my TV ratings the ratings are
huge I need to keep going out there
right the senior campaign officials came
to the White House spoke to the
president of a series of calls to impart
two pieces of news one is they believe
they were seeing in the polls that his
daily coronavirus task force briefings
were really hurting him particularly
among seniors and they wanted to show
him the latest wave of battleground
state polls which as you say Willie if
the election they told him if the
election was held that day he would lose
he snapped backward our reporting he
grew very angry he insisted that the
briefings were a success that people
people wanted to see him watch those
although two days later he did curtail
them in the wake of his comments about
suggestion that people should be
injecting disinfectants so at least
temporarily those have gone away but he
did he defied his his his team there he
told him he didn't believe the polls
which is something he repeated to
Reuters in an oval office interview
conducted late yesterday that he says he
believes he's still winning Florida he
believes he's still winning in the Upper
Midwest he points the polls in 2016 that
were incorrect he thinks that is
happening again but those in his senior
staff told him that a corpse correction
here he is needed and needed quickly or
this election could slip away and I
think for the president also it was a
frustration
coming to the surface that just a few
months ago he thought he was running for
re-election on making the central
argument that he had overseen a robust
economy and that he was the right person
to see that going to continue that from
the fall and Beyond and now that has
gone away as the bad economic stats pile
up by the day and the president is in a
state of disbelief according to our
reporting that he is losing to Joe Biden
a candidate he perceives his week up
until recently was having trouble
fundraising and someone who has he
declared it over and over he would not
lose to though he mixed in more
profanity that I'm allowed to at this
hour in the morning well the meltdown
it's interesting that he's melting down
over bed poll numbers that are not the
result of the economy so much as they
were a result of his daily briefings
we've obviously been saying for weeks
now that the president's daily briefings
were hurting him and that if he wanted
to help himself and help America he
should stop he couldn't stop his vanity
wouldn't allow him to stop he didn't
listen and he didn't listen to anybody
and so now Jonathan these folks are
devastating for him down 8:00 in
Pennsylvania down 8:00 in Michigan down
in Florida down to double digits to
seniors in Florida down five points in
North Carolina poll just out has him
down in the state of Texas New Hampshire
once a swing state down by 8 points in
New Hampshire despite the fact that a
New Hampshire there as well as all these
other states the governors are doing
extraordinarily well there their
approval ratings are high because
they're being responsible Donald Trump
can't seem to focus he can't seem to
remember one day what he said the next
he puts out guidelines and then he
forgets about those guidelines and he
comes out and takes a completely
different position the next day then he
seems to forget that position and he
goes to another position the next day is
there an understanding inside the White
House even among people who have been
sick of fans
for his entire presidency that Donald
Trump is in trouble that yes he is
melting down but that politically he is
in trouble because he's just savaged his
already bad reputation with these daily
briefings the president himself of
course won't acknowledge that Joe but
the team around him they do they
recognize that he has he is he is
bleeding here that he had the last month
or two since the very beginning stages
this pandemic and certainly his
questions have swirled about his
handling of it and the early warning
signs that he missed he's taking a
beating there and he has hurt himself
day after day with these briefings which
are now they've done away with so the
team around him is trying to give him
different venues to talk we've seen more
events in the last few days elsewhere in
the White House where he's still talking
to the media he's still addressing the
public but there's less of the
back-and-forth jesting they also have
him getting back on the road though
we're a long way from having safely
having a campaign rally even though the
president is pushing for them he is
gonna start traveling again he's got a
trip to Arizona lined up next week with
which they hope will send a signal first
of all to the country that things are
quote returning back to normal they want
to project that sort of confidence but
it's also a way for him to get out of
the White House they know how frustrated
he's been being cooped up and they
wanted to start deploying him even if
it's an official visits in some of these
battleground states but they tell the
choice of that first state Arizona is
telling that that is now a legit
battleground state and there are worries
in the campaign about places like
Arizona about places like Georgia beyond
even the usual litany of the swing
states that are going to decide an
election and you're right Joe things
right now for this for president are
looking dire in Florida and they're
looking bad in the Upper Midwest
particularly in Michigan I talked to
someone last day or so very close very
close to the president where they say
they have all been written off trying to
play in Michigan his path to re-election
is shrinking and his team believes he
needs to change his approach focus on
the economy immediately the risk with
that of course too much focus in the
economy not enough on public health more
Americans died not only of course would
that be far more literally a national
tragedy but would be devastating for his
real life
chances well and what Saul said of it
setting for his reelection chances
really is the fact that he keeps getting
it wrong every day I mean again this a
president February 22nd said it's this
virus is one person coming in from China
it's gonna be gone we'll be fine
into February he's talking about it's 11
people will be down to 0 be 15 people
down to 0 and March he's talking about
how it's gonna magically go away in
April still comparing it to the flu here
we are in April he eat last week he had
to be corrected by his own medical
people by saying that this was going to
go away in the summer and probably not
come back in the fall doctor felt you
had to correct him there then he started
talking about the injection of
disinfectants dr. Fauci had to correct
him they're talking about people in
planting lights poor dr. Burks had to
sit and listen to that and God help us
all what would she had to go through so
again he people have been concerned
about a cognitive decline and written
about it for years maybe this is not a
cognitive decline maybe he has other
serious issues but people are picking
that up and you look at these swing
states especially in this time of crisis
people are closely paying attention to
Donald Trump I can't believe I'm saying
this for the first time an understanding
just how ill-equipped he is for the
presidency and how much he puts their
lives at risk is if you look at all of
these polls like let's take the New
Hampshire poll in New Hampshire Donald
Trump getting beaten by Joe Biden by 8
points governor Sununu no sitting up in
the 70s 80s when it comes to his
approval rating you can say the same
thing about Governor Whitmer in Michigan
she's doing extraordinarily well the
president is not and it's very clear
those who are taking this pandemic
seriously are being rewarded by
Republicans and Democrats and
independents alike those who are not are
paying the price and Donald Trump's
playing the worst price and he continues
to say it's gonna magically go away
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the
around us to watch more for morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching